Types refer to the type of resource that we want to
include inside of our application.
The current core packaging types are pom,
jar, maven‑plugin, ejb, war, ear, rar, and par.
Now, jar, war, ear, rar, and par are all just glorified zip files,
for all intents and purposes.
The default, and most often used type, is a jar.
The one here that's interesting to me, though, is the type of pom.
If we do something of type pom,
all of the dependencies inside that pom are downloaded into our application,
and they actually refer to it as a dependency pom. The
dependency pom, say you have web services in your organization
and you want to group all of these dependencies that we use for
any time we do a web service, you know,
jersey libraries or some other libraries, and there's a bunch of
different XML or JSON dependencies that we have, you can put those
in a RESTful services pom and reference that pom and it will
download that into our application.
Packaging types refer to packaging inside of our application.
If we're building an artifact for other people to consume,
we are specifically going to reference that with our packaging
here. The artifact that we want to use has a pom,
and its pom has a packaging set on it of jar, war, ear, or pom,
as I mentioned.
And that's what gets pulled into our application. Your
packaging and the type that somebody is going to request, what your artifact is are the same thing.